Bugs to iron out / UI/UX to enhance:

1. When pressing on the "Sync" button in the view-scans page OR when navigating for the first time to it, I am flooded by toasts with the success sync message. This should happen only once (the toast should be displayed once, not multiple times)
2. The view-scans page sometimes doesn't properly mount the newly synchronized/fetched scans in their card correctly -- aka, the card shows up as an empty container, it occupies the space but there is no thumbnail or data visible -- I have to refresh the page.
3. When I press on the "Sync" button, the banner with "All scans are ready!" appears, prompting me to create an invoice with all the available scans -- this dialog and banner should be more user friendly or have a better UX.
4. In case we have a PDF scan, I'm okay with showing a placeholder "PDF" thumbnail like we do now, but maybe we should also offer the possibility to preview the PDF in a modal or something like that, just like we do for images when the user clicks on them we enhance them, so the user doesn't have to download it to see what's inside.
5. The Step by Step wizard at the top with the three steps (Upload, Review, Create) could benefit from a more enhanced design and UX -- instead of just that header, maybe we could also show some instructions or descriptions so that the user knows what to do in each step and what they are about.
6. The tooltip for the View Scans is correctly positioned while the tooltip for the Upload Scans is not positioned right after the title, but at the end of the div it looks like.
7. When we select a scan in the view-scans page, the checkmark tick is positioned at the top right corner of the card, where we already have the "..." menu with rename and delete options... we should adjust the menu to be left right corner positioned and the checkmark to be top right corner positioned, so that they don't overlap and the user can easily see both of them when they select a scan.
8. When the create action fails, we get presented with a fail toast with "Failed to create 1 invoice(s)" as the title, but then we do not have any description to further understand why it failed, we should add a description in the toast with the error message that we get from the backend, so that the user can understand what went wrong and maybe how to fix it.
9. When the create action fails, even though we get presented with a correct fail toast, in the dialog menu we get "0 Invoice Created!" with a green tick checkmark, which is misleading and gives the user the wrong impression that the action was successful, we should adjust this to be "Failed to create invoice!" with a red cross icon, so that it is consistent with the toast message and the user can understand that the action failed.
10. When the create action fails, in the dialog we should also show more details such as the error message, and also present an option to retry the operation.
11. In the view-invoices page, we should make sure that the table DATE and AMOUNT columns are sortable in both directions. For date it's simple, we have ASC and DESC, but for AMOUNT we should behind the scenes convert any currenty to a common currency -- RON, and then sort based on the amount in RON, so that the user can easily sort by amount regardless of the currency used in the invoice.
12. In the view-invoices page, in the table view, in the table actions, the "EDIT", "SHARE" and "DELETE" buttons do not occupy the full width of the actions menu.
13. Let's further enhance the design, UI and UX of the Export Invoice dialog, maybe we can add some more options there such as the possibility to choose the file name, or to choose the location where to save the file, or to choose the format of the file (PDF, Excel, etc).
14. When we navigate to the second page of the table in the view-invoices page, it looks like we have a bug where the buttons for the pagination now are completely gone, because the second page only has three rows and the pagination component is designed to show the pagination buttons only when we have more than 5 rows, so we should adjust this logic to show the pagination buttons as long as we have more than 10 rows, so that we can still navigate to the next page even if we have less than 5 rows on the current page.


